[Music]
14 tips to protect your child from
kidnapping every year thousands of kids
get abducted all over the world the
kidnappers have all the skills of a good
psychologist
they know how to win the kids hearts to
manipulate their minds perfectly those
walking nightmares of every parent still
succeed but there is something we all
can do to stop them bright side has put
together a list of 14 signs of a child
abductor you should never ignore
counting down number 14
asking for help one of the most common
tricks all kidnappers use is asking kids
for help if you ever hear an adult
begging for help at a playground it is a
reason to be alarmed just think of it if
something happened to you would you
really ask an unfamiliar five-year-old
to help you something is telling me you
wouldn't another adult can hold the door
for you when you're holding more heavy
bags than you can handle and when your
dog or cat gets lost you will more
likely spread the word or ask special
volunteer groups to find it not take a
little girl out of a sandbox and invite
her to search the basements with you if
you happen to witness an adult sharing
his or her problems with kids it could
be a good idea to jump into that
conversation and confront the abductor
ask him or her what is wrong and could
you possibly help out this should scare
the abductor thirteen crying kid
now if you see a kid crying screaming
and trying to escape pulling out his
hand you might think that he is just
being naughty and does not want to obey
his mom or dad we've all been there
right however if you feel like things
have gone too wild and the hysterics is
more than a regular grumpy attack it
won't hurt to check on them ask the kid
and the accompanying adult if everything
is all right and how they are all
related if it turns out to be a false
alarm the parent will most likely thank
you for caring and explained it was a
really bad day if it's really the
abductor that is taking away the kid he
or she will stumble and most likely
reconsider doing the evil act you most
likely remembered what the villain looks
like so what's the point of taking the
kid away when you were all ready to give
this information to the police
[Music]
number 12
playground observers where do childless
adults spend their free time concert
halls stadiums museums bars somehow the
playground is not on the list if you
spot a suspicious adult watching kids go
up and down the slides or building
sandcastles let them know that you know
take a picture of that stranger the
abductor will most likely get scared and
flee number 11 free stuff
admit it we all love free stuff we buy
two shampoos to get the third one for
free and collect stickers to exchange
them for a Darth Vader mask hit like if
you do that as adults we learn to accept
that nothing is actually free free so
the enthusiasm fades a bit and we ask
the question of why why would someone
give me anything for free kids are very
kind and trustful when offered candy
toys or cool gadgets like smartphones
and tablets they will follow the kind
stranger anywhere some abductors will
let a kid play a demo game to invite
them into the car later to continue you
can stop that from happening remember
that no normal adult will offer gifts to
unfamiliar kids in the playground or
backyard
or invite them to the parking lot
according to the National Center for
Exploited Children statistics 12% of all
abductors use candy or sweets as a lure
number 10 puppies trick trick as old as
time true as it can be puppies are so
adorable they make us forget about
whatever we actually started browsing
the internet for those big eyes and
wagging tails now imagine what it does
to the minds of kids when they see a
little dog and get an invitation to play
with it privately they will most likely
say yes please 7% of abductors use this
trick so next time you see a lonely
adult demonstrating a puppy at a
playground you know what that means 9
fake friend an abductor can do some
serious research on the prospective
victim today the social networks have
all the information you can ever need to
pretend that you know someone well you
can easily learn what someone had for
lunch as well as find out some more
useful details the relatives names their
room design and even what they received
as birthday gifts this year all this
information will make the kid believe
the abductor is actually friends or
colleagues with their parents after
winning the child's trust the villain
can say they have to go to the hospital
immediately because mom is in trouble if
you ever overhear that kind of
conversation between a kid and an adult
take action ask clarify offer help it
turns out 9 out of 10 and Sue's are fake
if you are an alarmed parent watching
this you can get more safety tips on
what to teach your child to avoid
trouble in this video number 8 the hero
lure
this trick is similar to fake friends
but it requires less research work and
so is easier to perform molesters can
invite kids to save local heroes popular
celebrities coaches or school teachers
they don't even have to invent a fake
name for themselves just say they were
sent by that person everyone knows and
loves this trick is more likely to work
with older kids trying to win popularity
do something great for a hero and you
will also be one that's the logic behind
it number seven using other kids all
parents teach their kids not to talk to
strangers by strangers
we mostly imagine scary looking adults
though what could a cute little child do
- another cute little child a lot of
harm actually if that child was sent by
kidnappers it is okay to explain where
one kid is taking the other and how long
they've known each other for the same
applies to friendly looking ladies
number six asking for directions a
slow-moving car stopping next to a child
is an alarming sign - a driver who is
asking a child for directions and
invites him or her to get into that car
to guide them is 99 percent a child
abductor when you get lost while driving
you're more likely to ask a policeman or
other adults for help right or maybe use
that pure magic known as GPS navigation
[Music]
number five offering a ride motorcycles
are a popular lure tool there are known
cases in criminal practice where
children were taken away on motorcycles
after they were offered a fun ride no
boy can say no to such an invitation to
trigger their desire to go for a ride
the friendly biker might also say come
on who is the bravest here it is an easy
way for a kid to become a hero and prove
he is indeed the bravest of his friends
if you ever see something like that
going on just think of it with a regular
biker the tough-guy offer an unfamiliar
child to go for a ride why would he do
that you can stop that from happening
for the fame lure this trick will
unlikely work on preschoolers but will
do its magic with 10 or 11 year-olds and
teenagers hip Nappers approach them
complimenting their looks and offering
easy fame and success all the future
stars have to do is follow them to the
parking lot to be taken to a casting
spot newsflash real professionals do not
look for acting and modeling talents in
the backyards and playgrounds they
organize official castings or look for
talents at schools three fake policemen
[Music]
the easiest way to win someone's trust
is to pretend to be someone everyone
trusts already someone everyone asks for
help when something goes wrong someone
with certain reputation a policeman for
example when a police officer or someone
wearing his uniform comes up to you and
says you did something wrong you just
follow him at least when you're 5
however a real police officer will try
to find the child's parents and not just
take the little one away if you confront
the obviously fake policeman and he
refuses to show his ID try to take a
picture of him it will be of help if it
turns out he was an abductor indeed
number two sir or madam if you hear a
child call an adult accompanying him or
her sir or madam it is a warning sign as
well
kids don't normally address someone they
know using these words and number one
the looks
if you see a well-dressed child being
taken somewhere by a strangely looking
adult dressed carelessly or even someone
like a homeless person do not ignore it
a huge difference in their physical
appearance should also be alarming this
might be an indirect warning sign but it
is still worth paying attention to if
you keep this and other signs we shared
in mind you have very high chances of
preventing kidnapping stay alert and
spread the word share this video with
your friends because everyone should
know these warning signs of an abductor
give this video a like if you found it
useful if it gets 50,000 likes we'll
share more children safety tips
subscribe to our channel not to miss any
important updates stay with us on the
bright side of life